Fix "text-auditor" typos in data plane team files (#51512)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-winlog.md

### `event_id` [_event_id]

> An allowlist and blocklist of event IDs. The value is a comma-separated list. The accepted values are single event IDs to include (e.g. 4624), a range of event IDs to include (e.g. 4700-4800), single event IDs to exclude (e.g. -4735), and a range of event IDs to exclude (e.g. -4701-4710). **{This option is only available on operating systems +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An allowlist and blocklist of event IDs. The value is a comma-separated list. The accepted values are single event IDs to include (for example, `4624`), a range of event IDs to include (for example, `4700-4800`), single event IDs to exclude (for example, `-4735`), and a range of event IDs to exclude (for example, `-4701-4710`). **{This option is only available on operating systems +
```
